this game I just played there was a
moment where I was running bought with
mobis they both had no summoners I had
my flash up and I didn't go for them
because they both had stopwatch I would
have killed them last last season I
would have literally just killed both of
them if stopwatch wasn't in the game but
it is so that sucks
well we're near the end of day 4 of the
2018 spring split with coverage
presented by Omni slash and I'm joined
right now by akkadian who after a couple
losses to start off the split has found
a win akkadian what's been going on
behind the scenes because I you know a
lot of people I think were who knew what
was gonna happen on the start and
unfortunately you guys had a slow start
but you know how things been going and
progressing behind the scenes I think it
pretty much said the same thing in
almost any interview since the start of
the season has just been just been a ton
of hard work and everyone trying to you
know be as open as possible about
improving and that's the best basically
how it is I mean it's not gonna change
from this week to the next way he's just
imagined with like hard work that's it
so and how do you get along with like
the rusty power evil shaking his head at
you as he walks by how do you get along
with the rest of your team because that
looks very threatening yeah he's just
he's just mad that I'm getting a PR
answer instead of trolling you know
really a PR it's like you know but it's
one of those typical like yeah we're
gonna work hard you know I'm saying like
it's very pure I'm gonna say right now
it's very PR but but you've been I mean
I think a lot of people were concerned
that you guys were just gonna start
tanking after the first couple of losses
but you were able to pull out the win so
what has been going on for you guys to
sort of keep your head in the game
because there's some strangely even
though it's best to ones people seem to
be taking these first couple of losses
very hard I mean it's a saying that
Tristan has he just says like he doesn't
accept this like if he's if he's gonna
kill the other mid laner well if you
want or something and the jungler comes
he'll just you know he would just try to
kill the mid laner instead of backing up
or something and it would be like well I
just don't accept it that he's there you
know I'm just gonna go anyway or
something like that but I think we have
that kind of mentality with having a
losing season anyway like all of our
players put me personally like I
literally just don't accept it like it
I'm not I'm not letting it happen again
you know I'm not gonna be bottom of the
barrel again I just can't I can't
stomach that I don't think so I I don't
know even now even after a win it
doesn't really feel that satisfying it's
just like I'm really I just want to go
home and play and scram and stuff like
that so I don't know I just I really
really really want to be finally it like
on the top team I want to be a top
player too so I think that's what it
takes
yeah do you feel like it's harder to do
that this split because I personally I
mean I've been covering this stuff from
the start and it feels like this might
be the most competitive split it's just
the amount of star power good players
all the rosters seem to be investing
heavily and trying to make stuff work so
you know what does it like to be
battling out in this situation right now
it's just like last year men I mean
every every single year it's the same
thing you know every single year it gets
more and more and more competitive and
people I mean teams spend more and more
money it's bigger and bigger it's
nothing new to have it be more
competitive than the last year you know
I knew I knew it was gonna be more
competitive than the last year before it
even started you know I knew from just
talking to people and what plans were I
think it's just the same thing and it
really just comes down to the overall
team like mental fortitude and where our
heads at and what everyone wants because
you know at the end of the day some
people in the league you know I think
some people in the league are okay with
being mediocre and nobody on our team is
and everybody really wants to be better
and every day we just try to go to
practice and work as hard as we can so
yeah now I do want to bring up you you
have a good pal who unfortunately it's
not competing in the LCS at the moment
moon so oh yeah I mean what do you what
do you think of his absence do you miss
him and you know that's your general
assessment of that situation I think
moon was one of those guys who I mean
actually didn't did a few North American
drummers get pushed out actually a lot
of players you know just got pushed out
of LCS you know they got their spots
taken by either new any players or more
imports in their roll or something like
that but I don't know man it's it's too
bad it's too bad for him that that
happened that he's playing in Academy
but hopefully you know I really haven't
talked to him much because I think when
the season starts you know both even if
you're good friends outside of the
season you know both people just kind of
start playing a bunch and don't really
talk as much but I hope he's still in a
good space you know mentally and I'm I
still wish him all the best and it looks
like he's doing pretty well in Academy
and his team is doing all right so
that's good yeah what do you think of
the current state of the meta very long
games and you you've had to suffer
through some pretty long ones yeah I
can't really put my like I can't really
say exactly what it is but all I know is
that time and time again it just feels
super bad to be playing jungle and be
playing a tank and your entire job is to
like hopefully CC some guy and then die
but then maybe your team kills one carry
before the other I think it's really
similar to the world's meta actually and
I don't know how we ended up at a world
a similar meta to the worlds meta
because even riot said that that meta
was terrible so I think it's really
awful like you're seeing an lck you're
saying like 7080 minute games there was
a game actually where I think genera
beat SKT with they had a zero and they
lost all three inhibitors like three or
four times
they lost baron elder dragon the enemy
team still couldn't push i think that's
completely like horrendous you should
just lose at that point there should be
no way that you can cause like you can
you can control that at all so i think
it's it's it's pretty boring most of the
time I don't know like playing playing
pro games is pretty boring it's boring
to play I'm sure it's boring to watch
obviously there's like a lot of team
play involved there's a lot of warding
involved but it's just it's not really
that fun to like just walk her out like
the optimum way to play the game is to
just clear all the waves as fast as
possible and like rotate around and then
if you rotate correctly even if the
enemy team crashes all their ways at the
same time take sparing an elder dragon
they still can in the game I think
that's insanely unfair and it's stupid
so do you have hope that we'll see a
change for that in the next patch maybe
not the next patch but I have full faith
and right right games you know they
anytime they make a mistake they always
correct it in time you know they always
change the game we're in like what the
eighth year ninth year of pro league
they have kept it fresh for 89 years
they're obviously a very professional
team when it comes to making changes
sometimes they make super wack changes
that everyone is really questioning all
the time you know vert
openly questioning on Twitter but I'm
sure they're gonna you know fix it make
it make it more fun hopefully I'll have
some more fun in the future tough time
indeed I for me it was really tough to
watch the cloud9 game where they were so
far ahead they had like 15k gold leader
that's just not ending and it's hard to
say you know I think who was the
interviewing I think spend where you
know part of the question is also it's a
being with a split so is it just that
teams can't close these leads how much
of it is this everybody's getting back
in as a professional play and how much
of it is the meta but it certainly feels
like a lot of it is the meta everybody's
playing stop blaming stop watches how do
you feel about that I really don't like
stop watching the game just as an item
as an ability I think if it's in the
game it should be later usable I think I
think the fact that you can use
stopwatch around the time when Ultimates
come come online is is just it just
prevents you know plays prevents it
increases baiting makes like it if I'm
in a pro game right and they're bot lane
has no summoners and they're half health
running away actually they were half
health running away in this game I just
played there was a moment where I was
running bought with mobis they both had
no summoners I had my flash up and I
didn't go for them because they both had
stopwatch I would have killed them last
last season I would have literally just
killed both of them if stopwatch wasn't
in the game but it is so that sucks and
as far as as far as like the team's
being bad I think when you see a
situation that we saw in lck right team
had baron and elder dragon crash all
their waves at the correct time like
literally you know basically all you
have to do is you just wait for your
teammates to push and then you push all
the ways in at the same time that's like
the pinnacle if you've hit that point as
a team that's pretty decent coordination
you know it's not like your team is bad
and if you still can't end after that I
think that's a meta problem very good
well hopefully we do see some changes to
address that stuff in the future for you
is there anything that you want to say
tuning the fans out there who are
probably pretty happy with the optic win
today and looking to see the green wall
rise even higher I guess is that I don't
know if that's how that worked the green
wall works I'm still learning out the
physics of the green wall but anything
you want to say to any of those guys I
think I just want to say thanks to those
of you who I know a few people reach out
on Twitter and just said like you know
after every loss everyone was just like
you know it's it's gonna go up at some
point it'll you guys will get wins you
know
it was really close we're still proud of
you saying stuff like that actually
means a lot and makes me feel like I'm
not at the or makes our team our
everyone feel like you know you're not
at the bottom of the world I guess so
thanks for that and thanks for all the
support and I don't know I guess just
thanks to everybody for participating so
well thank you so much for the interview
looking forward to see you return next
week as well and for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hey thanks so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the
interview and brought you brought to you
by Omni /me you can check out no but
nobody knows who you are yet okay you
can check out my coverage if you sure to
subscribe to my youtube channel right
here